Add Marginalia to Rails, via QueryLogs (#42240)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Add query log tags to ActiveRecord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add query log tags to Active Record.
```

>     Configurable tags can be automatically added to all SQL queries generated by ActiveRecord.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Configurable tags can be automatically added to all SQL queries generated by Active Record.
```
